(DOCSP-33859): Edge Server: Add required networking details (#623)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/edge-server/configure.txt

Required Network Access
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To accept connections from sync clients or connections via the wireprotocol, 
the host that runs the Edge Server must allow access to incoming connections.

> While Edge Server is in Preview, you can stand up a demo using EC2 or another 
> cloud provider by opening port 80 via HTTP to the general internet. 
> In production, we recommend opening port 443 with SSL.

Reviewer: There's an implicit suggestion that Preview === dev environment. Do we know if this is true? Beyond that, is using HTTP in a dev environment going away after Edge Server moves out of Preview? If not, we may want to refer to "using Edge Server in a development environment" instead of "While Edge Server is in Preview". Also, maybe we should address the "general internet vs owned infrastructure" a bit earlier?

Here's something to show what I'm getting at:

```suggestion
If you need to open Edge Server to the genera internet, you should open different ports with different methods appropriate for your environment.

- Development. Use port 80 and HTTP.
- Production. Use port 443 and SSL.
```

Author: Good call - reworded and reorganized this section a little.

If you run Edge Server on your own infrastructure, you don't need to open
the instance to the general internet. You only need to ensure your client 
devices can access it.

Edge Server supports TLS. You can find configuration details in the 

> "Complete the Edge Server Configuration Details" section.

Reviewer: Are using the "see <section-name> on this page" construction? Or was that only if we're including links to other sections on the same page?
